[INTRO MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Cynthia Sue
Larson is back with us to charm
us with stories of
parallel realities,
the Mandela effect,
which is among the most
fascinating topics in the
world for me personally.
Just as titillating is
Cynthia's own life story.
After we finish
being dazzled, we're
going to look at the mechanics
of what is actually occurring
in the Mandela effect.
Thank you so much for
coming back, Cynthia.
I just can't get enough
of this because I'm trying
to get my mind around it.
To me, I have to see how
it mechanically works.
>>CYNTHIA SUE LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: You know,
it has to make sense.
It doesn't matter
if it's quantum.
You can still see it
in your mind's eye
if you can understand it.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: Right?
>>LARSON: Exactly.
>>REGINA: OK.
So first of all, we
didn't do this before.
I want to go into your
childhood a little bit
because we know you--
Berkeley, loads of
letters after your name,
amazing human being academically
who has, for the last 20 years,
involved yourself in the
study of parallel realities
or the Mandela effect, right?
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: So a
different kind of person
would do that than your
normal graduate, right?
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: With high
degrees from Berkeley.
So let's go back to when you
were a little kid because I
was watching one of your
pieces, and I thought,
I didn't really
know this about you.
I didn't know any
of the details,
just that you were different.
But this one really got me.
When you were 5 years old,
you envisioned reality
as kind of a web
of consciousness.
That's not a normal
five-year-old perception
of life.
>>LARSON: Right.
This is much deeper
It comes from,
I guess you could call it
an awareness of who I am
intrinsically that was with me.
I didn't lose it when
I came into this life.
So you're right.
It absolutely makes me
different from most people,
just seeing that we are so
interconnected, that this
is tied in with my purpose,
my passion for being part
of uplifting this
web of consciousness
because it came-- this
vision came to me just
like a knowingness.
Like, this is what
I'm here to do.
Remember, I have a purpose here.
Because I was having some
doubts about why I was here.
>>REGINA: At 5?
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: I was just
trying to score cupcakes.
[LAUGHTER]
>>LARSON: Oh, my gosh.
I felt like I was
noticing people would--
they'd have one
thing that they're
saying, that they're
expressing with their minds
and their voice, they'd
have something else
in their heart, and
then yet something else
going on in their subconscious.
>>REGINA: And you could
see all those level?
>>LARSON: Yes, I could feel it.
>>REGINA: The
duplicitous nature.
>>LARSON: It felt very
jarring, very jagged energy--
not everybody, but
a lot of people.
It was the norm.
Everywhere I looked, that
was considered normal.
So I felt like I remembered
the peace, the love, the joy,
the reverence before I was born.
And because I
remembered that, it
made me what you might
call sort of a flight risk.
[LAUGHTER]
Like, I remember
how good it was.
>>REGINA: Do you remember
your birth itself--
>>LARSON: Not clearly, no.
>>REGINA: --and whether you
had any-- or even right after,
whether you had some
second thoughts?
>>LARSON: No, it's
not so much that.
I think I don't
really remember that.
And I just remember
good feelings.
I had a good family.
So I'm not saying anything
bad about my parents.
>>REGINA: No, just
life, on Earth.
>>LARSON: It's
just life on Earth.
That was a traumatic
feeling for me.
It took me many years
to feel like, well, I
don't have to stay here.
I could go back to
that feeling of heaven,
that feeling of
paradise where we all
know that we're connected.
We remember it.
We remember how much
we love everybody.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LARSON: How much
we love everything.
And so--
>>REGINA: That's our
essence, our core.
>>LARSON: It is our essence.
>>REGINA: And you just came
in living your essence,
and remembering your essence,
and not separating out from it.
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: And that's called
being born awake, basically?
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: I mean, that's very
different than what people
call being "woke,"
which is political,
political correctness.
>>LARSON: [LAUGHS] No,
that's very different.
>>REGINA: That has nothing
to do with being awake.
>>LARSON: No.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and I love this.
OK, so I have a couple of
things written down now.
One of the things--
before all the Kundalini
awakenings and all that sort
of thing, when you
were a little kid,
you would you would look out
the window at the rain, right?
And you'd just play
with your thoughts,
and the rain would
play with you?
>>LARSON: Right, so I
could, think "stop rain,"
and it would instantly stop.
And think "start rain,"
and it would start.
I was just playing
with it like you
play with your blocks or a toy.
And I thought, this
is so much fun.
And I wanted to
share it with my mom,
like when you built
a tower of blocks.
Like, hey, look at this.
So I ran to where
she was, and I could
see, as I started to
explain what I had in mind,
sort of a shut down reaction.
Like, oh, dear.
But it's a typical reaction
when a child says, watch this,
I can start and stop the rain.
>>REGINA: Were you able to
stop and start it for her?
>>LARSON: No, not with her.
>>REGINA: Because
of the negativity?
Not negativity,
the lack of belief?
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LARSON: Exactly.
And at that point,
I was just a child,
and I didn't understand any of--
was an awareness of
it matters who you're
sharing these things with.
So then I recognized, let's
not mention the other things
I'm seeing energy wise.
I would bring them
up occasionally,
especially to my mom,
who was the most open,
besides my grandmother
in my family;
but otherwise, I realized
these topics are not
for polite society.
>>REGINA: What kind
of other things
were you seeing
as an only child?
>>LARSON: Oh, dark,
scuttily things.
Because I grew up in a house
that was not spiritual per se.
My dad was an atheist.
My mom was an agnostic.
And so I would have nightmares
around these scutilly things.
When I would fall asleep,
they'd try to pull me--
I'd start flying, and
they'd try to pull me down.
>>REGINA: What do
you think they were?
>>LARSON: Ah, that's
a good question.
You could think of it
as a thought forms.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>LARSON: To me, it's just
like house dust or things
that you don't
want in your house.
So when you do
energy clearing, it's
like vacuuming and
scrubbing, but you
want to do that for your house.
You want to keep
your home clear.
>>REGINA: Do you actually
do that quite a bit?
>>LARSON: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Clear your
space quite a bit?
>>LARSON: Yes, yes.
>>REGINA: I always
forget, and then I'll
notice things and kind
of see where they are
and think, oh, my god.
I haven't done that in ages.
So for all of us, that's just a
good practice, clear our space.
>>LARSON: It's a good practice.
Even If.
You think I can't see anything,
but you might feel it.
>>REGINA: Well, so how do you
do your clearing by the way?
We're going tangential
for just a moment.
>>LARSON: Right, something
everybody can do is I do
something super simple--
I take a glass of tap water and
just a little teaspoon of salt,
and then just change it
every couple of days.
That's what you need
if you're feeling like,
I can't even do anything.
Like, things are bad,
so bad I don't even know
how to do my regular practice.
>>REGINA: And the salt
water will draw the--
>>LARSON: It does.
>>REGINA: --negative
energy toward it?
>>LARSON: Yep, it's like a
crystal and attractor for all
that stuff, and just
dump it down the drain,
replace it every couple days.
So that's easy, simple.
>>REGINA: Interesting,
can the entities not
resist the salt or what is it?
>>LARSON: It just gives me--
>>REGINA: A field--
[DEEP INHALE]
>>LARSON: Yeah, it does.
So then, then you can
kind of get your bearings
and get back on
track with whatever
your spiritual practice is.
>>REGINA: Interesting,
because we
know that salt is cleansing,
even in the human body.
OK, so did you ever
play with the rain,
for example, to the extent
it's like, you wanted
to go out and do
something, it was raining,
did you ever make it
stop for your own use
or just were you
only playing with it?
>>LARSON: I pretty much
only played with it, yeah.
Because I actually
think that there's
some bigger picture than
what I think might be best.
That's why I like to ask, how
good can it get for all of us,
for the best for all concerned?
I know that if I
focus on myself,
that's going to be
very short-sighted.
>>REGINA: So you
know that there's
a purpose there for the
rain to be there, even
as a little girl.
Don't try to stop it.
It's supposed to be there.
>>LARSON: Right, right, right.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: The only
thing you would do
is help, quote, "jump start"
is your family's old Chevy
or a television that
had gone on the fritz.
Let's talk about that
for a little bit.
>>LARSON: Right.
So this is now, I was keeping
things kind of under wraps
to myself, but I noticed that
I could feel love for something
like our car.
And my dad, who was an atheist--
he's an engineer,
civil engineer.
So he's thinking very left
brain, very analytical,
the starter's not working.
And then, he'd start
doing what dads do,
and getting a little grumbling,
and saying things that maybe
should be better not said.
When it starts getting
that, then I would realize,
I can just feel my
love for this car,
and I can hear the
sound of it starting
and feel the purr of the engine.
And so I'd just
feel, in alignment, I
could do this just, that state
of pureness of intention,
heart, just all of
me intending this.
And it would start.
And then, once it started
working so smoothly,
I would do this regularly.
>>REGINA: I mean,
it's just so sweet.
Because it was your actual
innocence, and sweetness,
and goodness of heart that was
permeating the material world.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: Now
what's that tell us?
It was love.
You just simply
permeated the field
with love that
changed the material
conditions of whatever it was.
>>LARSON: Absolutely, yes.
>>REGINA: So what's
the big message there?
That's the big reveal.
>>LARSON: It's huge.
It is.
Because I think a lot
of us get caught up
in what it seems like it is.
The situation may seem
bad, like this car,
the starter's going
out, we should
get it replaced, or
we're stuck, or whatever
these thought patterns might be,
but we don't need to go there.
But it does require that
perfect alignment for someone
to be able to pull this off.
>>REGINA: It does.
And that's a hard one
because that means
letting go of belief systems.
The material world around us,
our scientific materialism,
you have to kind
of let go of that.
And you know, I had
a mentor in life,
Madame Bovie, wild Russian woman
who beat it at the revolution
on foot-- got to France,
became a ballerina.
When she was elderly, she
was my ballet teacher.
And we became very close.
And she had this
old, old Oldsmobile--
I mean old.
And that's what she did.
She loved her car so much her.
Her car was named "Pandora"
because she was always
full of surprises.
And she would say,
baby, come on, Pandora.
You must start from me today.
And she would just
pad it, and love it,
then she'd turnover when she
hadn't turned over previously.
So I used to watch her do that.
So when I was watching
the film about you,
I mean, I've had some experience
with one other person.
It's very, very
rare that we can let
go of everything that we
have learned to be "true"
on the material realm.
>>LARSON: I think it helps that
I came in with that awareness,
that I am consciousness.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>LARSON: Like, I had
a jump start there.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah, I
think you absolutely did.
And it was interesting
as you went through life,
you ended up
getting your degrees
in physics, which is the perfect
way station for someone who
wants to jump between the
material and non-material
in an academic sense, right?
>>LARSON: Yes, it's
perfect, absolutely perfect.
And I wanted to
study consciousness,
but there was no program in
that at UC Berkeley at the time.
So I took as many
psychology classes
as I could, and then, of
course, quantum physics
was my favorite.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
Absolutely, because that's
where all this stuff plays out.
So let's go back to
your childhood a bit.
Your parents, you
traveled quite a bit?
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: Family traveled they
traveled to exotic places.
There was a headboard.
Was it a headboard or piece
of furniture of some kind?
>>LARSON: Yeah, coffee tables.
>>REGINA: Coffee table
that they were kind of--
>>LARSON: And a writing desk.
>>REGINA: Yes, OK.
And so you remembered
that they made
a deal with the person that
had made it for them, right?
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: They were
gonna send a picture.
>>LARSON: Yes, I was there.
>>REGINA: Let's talk about this.
Was this your first real
kind of awareness of, even
if you didn't know what it was,
but experience of the Mandela
effect?
>>LARSON: I think that probably
was the first one where I could
see that consciousness was
changing in groups of people,
that the physical
history of events--
>>REGINA: So tell
us what happened.
>>LARSON: So what happened is,
we were traveling to Kashmir,
and there was a
place that we stayed,
a very beautiful
place called Dal Lake.
And there were houseboats.
We rented one.
We were staying and visiting
the various craftsmen
that are there with beautiful
wood carvings, carpets,
that kind of thing, where
they hand stitch everything.
But for the furniture that my
parents wanted to bring back
to the house that
we were building,
it would have to be
shipped in pieces.
And so it would take a while.
It was going to take
maybe weeks, months for it
to get back to
the United States.
I heard my parents
telling the wood carvers,
this is such
beautiful furniture.
We're building a new
house designed around it.
And the wood
carvers were amazed.
Really?
Designed around our furniture?
They said, yes, because
we're designing it now,
so it's going to be perfect.
And I remember my
parents said, we
will take pictures
and send them to you.
And so this took quite a while.
The whole construction
of the house,
the shipment of
furniture, putting it in.
And quite a while later,
there it is in place.
And I kept waiting
for the pictures.
I thought, this will be fun.
Are they going to
bring in lights?
And do we have a photographer?
Nothing was happening.
And at some point,
I asked my parents,
what about the photographs?
And they said, what photographs?
Of the furniture?
The coffee tables,
the writing desk
in the library that we built,
designed around these furniture
pieces?
What about sending them
to the wood carvers?
You promised that you'd do this.
And they said, we didn't
say anything like that.
And I believe my parents.
I believed that they
were telling the truth.
>>REGINA: They're rational.
>>LARSON: Yes, they would
not lie to me right.
I know they would not lie to me.
So then that was a very moment
of cognitive dissonance,
where they are correct.
They said, we never
promised that.
>>REGINA: But you heard it.
>>LARSON: But I heard it.
And where would that
idea have come from?
How could I have
gotten such an idea?
People don't normally do that.
I'm a child, a
teenager, but still.
Why would I come up with
something like that?
>>REGINA: Well, so this
begins the disconcerting
part of your journey.
So then another thing--
I took notes because I wanted
to get to all these things--
1977, a radio song came on.
And they said, and,
basically, this is brand new,
playing for the first time.
>>LARSON: Right, brand-new song.
And I was so sick of that song.
I thought, oh my
gosh, not that song.
I wish I remembered
now what it was,
but I was so upset about
the whole experience.
>>REGINA: Because you'd
heard it so many times.
>>LARSON: You know when you
get radio burnout on a song?
Like, not this again.
Could we please
stop playing this?
And why would they say that?
I just thought it was so odd.
>>REGINA: Do you think that
it was a parallel timeline
or reality, or was
it that you might
have been actually hearing into
it while they were creating it,
you were hearing it
through the ethers?
>>LARSON: No, this is different,
because I do hear songs
before they come out.
That's a different experience.
>>REGINA: OK, so tell us
the difference in this.
>>LARSON: For me,
the difference is,
when I hear a song that's
kind of in the background,
then I start craving
actually-- it's
like when you're thinking about
a favorite food and a place
you travel to, and
you're craving it.
That's the difference.
And then when it finally
comes, like, yay,
whereas if you're actually
hearing it to the point,
like, oh, let's
change the channel--
>>REGINA: Yeah, I'm sick of it.
>>LARSON: I heard this too
much, talk about overplay.
And then they have
the nerve to say,
this is the first
time we're playing it.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
the nerve of them.
OK.
>>LARSON: And I ask my friends,
have you heard this, too?
And they didn't know
what I was talking about.
My sister didn't know.
My best friend didn't know.
So that was also interesting,
very similar to the furniture
experience.
So I'm experiencing a reality
that other people are not.
But I know that I'm
not making it up,
and I believe the
radio announcer
because they were so
thrilled, it's our first time
to play this wonderful song.
>>REGINA: Right.
I wish you remembered what
it was, too, but that's OK.
>>LARSON: I, do, too.
I was so annoyed.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK, so, then,
shortly after that,
you met your future
self one day.
>>LARSON: Right, I did.
>>REGINA: A lot of people
would want to dial into this.
>>LARSON: Yeah, so it's kind of
an experience where time is not
linear, and you can see that
something else is going on.
I had been dozing off--
so I was in a sort
of a hypnagogic state, right
between waking and sleeping,
and I saw a woman who
looked just like me,
but older, maybe about the
age I am now walking, sort
of floating out of my mirror
closet doors that filled--
it was across a whole wall.
She sort of walked right
out of the mirrors,
sort of float-walked--
like she wasn't totally there,
thinking thoughts to me, like,
hello, I'm startled.
Like, what are you doing here?
And she sort of float-walked
over to my roll top desk.
And she's very
soothing saying, I'm
just here to talk with
you for a little bit.
I can't remember
exactly what she said,
but I'm talking out loud to her.
I'm about 16 years old.
And she pulls out the
drawer of my roll-top desk,
takes something, closes it,
and then she floats away.
The whole thing
was quite strange.
>>REGINA: Do you
know what she took?
>>LARSON: I did the
next day because I
went to check that drawer,
like what was that.
And those were some
letters from my boyfriend
who'd written to me.
And they were gone.
But I thought, she
couldn't have taken them.
That's crazy.
And so I accused my sister.
>>REGINA: Of course.
She's convenient.
Makes sense.
>>LARSON: Yeah,
it had to be her.
And she was indignant,
like, no, I did not do that.
So I thought, wow, maybe
that really happened.
And right after my future self
came, and got the letters,
and left, my father knocked
on the door and came in like,
is everything, OK?
I heard you talking.
Like, everything's fine.
And I didn't realize--
I mean, the whole
thing was so weird.
I didn't know what to say.
Like, something strange
just to happened, but how
do you explain that?
>>REGINA: How do you explain
it and why did she take letters
from your boyfriend?
>>LARSON: I don't know.
Maybe to show that
time is not linear.
>>REGINA: That she could
reintroduce them later
or something?
>>LARSON: Yeah, maybe so.
I still haven't seen
them, but I still
saved the piece of furniture
at the roll-top desk.
So if the letters do show
up, that'll be interesting.
>>REGINA: OK, before we go
on, because I want to go
on to the cat named "Ashes,"
because that starts blipping
in and out of timelines
life and death,
but the hypnagogic state you're
talking about that we slip
into, on a personal level, I'm
just noticing more and more how
visceral and crazy that
is in that, in my case,
I barely close my
eyes, but I'm fully--
I'm not asleep.
I'm fully somewhere else.
I'm with people somewhere--
somewhere in the world,
maybe listening in on a
conversation of other people
at a dining table.
I'm kind of all over the
place, but I'm there--
this is not crazy stuff--
before I go to sleep.
So in that kind of situation,
assuming other people
are experiencing this, too, what
do you think's going on there?
>>LARSON: That's a good
question, and I don't know--
>>REGINA: Because it almost
never has anything do with me.
I'm just in other
people's lives.
I just blip into their reality.
>>LARSON: Right.
Well, part of what I
suspect might be going on,
I don't know for
sure, but it feels
like that web of consciousness
that I saw where we are
connected with one another--
so when you're starting
to fall asleep,
then you return
to that awareness.
Like, when you're between lives,
then you can think of someone
and they're right with you.
And we can do that when
we're right between waking
and sleeping.
>>REGINA: Yes, and I wanted to
bring it up because everybody
goes through that state of
awareness and maybe to just
start--
I didn't pay attention
to it for a long time.
And then what
happened is my husband
was talking to me as I
was starting to drift off,
and I started talking
to him like he was
one of the people I was with.
And you thought
-- where are you?
and started asking questions.
Because I had him there, I
started paying more attention
to just how vastly--
how quick and vastly different
those realities were, are.
>>LARSON: Yes, yes.
>>REGINA: So anyway, so we
all need to just pay attention
when we're crossing over because
there are clues in there.
>>LARSON: Big clues sometimes,
sometimes small clues.
But there's no such
thing as noise.
>>REGINA: Yes, OK, and it's not
just crazy stuff, and firings,
random firings of the brain.
Let's go to your cat Ashes.
>>LARSON: Yes, OK, that's
an interesting experience.
My roommate that I'd been
living with for many years
on Cedar Street in Berkeley,
because I was living there
during my college
days, she had a cat
that she brought back
from San Diego in the car.
A car with no air conditioning.
So that cat had been a
kitten and grown up with me.
And I'd seen the cat for years.
And then I moved across the
street to another apartment,
just across the street
on Cedar Street.
And the cat, it was close
enough so the cat could actually
come and visit.
And I don't know if it
was because I was there
or he just always
visited that house.
You know, cats like to wander
if they're outdoor cats.
So I was having so many good
times with Ashes in the garden.
And then one day,
I heard the news
from my roommate Katherine,
I was talking with her,
and she said, bad
news about Ashes.
He was hit by a car,
and he passed away.
And I was devastated
because you know
when you have such a
good bond with an animal,
they feel like family.
He felt like family to me.
So I was very sad about it,
grief stricken, actually,
but I felt like I just
wish I had more time.
I remember thinking that,
feeling it, fully feeling it.
Like, I needed
more time with him.
I really felt that way.
And I just let it go.
I didn't really obsess about it.
I didn't dwell on the grief.
I was able to release it, just,
like, well, phooey, he's gone.
So I was accepting
that he's gone,
but also feeling
like I really wish
I could have had more time.
And then within a day or two of
that, Ashes was in my garden,
and I could not believe it.
And it's like, he's back?
Wow.
He looked a little
bit bedraggled,
kind of when cats
don't wash properly.
Like, man, Ashes, you're
letting it all go downhill.
[LAUGHTER]
Pull yourself together.
But I didn't feel that way.
I felt mostly gratitude,
like, you're here.
I love you so much.
So of course, I hugged
him, and held him,
and he probably didn't
know, what's the big fuss?
He seemed to look at me
like, what's this all about?
>>REGINA: Well, did
anyone else see him?
>>LARSON: I think I was
married at the time,
and I asked my husband,
I asked other people,
do you remember something
different about this?
And people did not
really remember what
I remembered, that he'd died.
>>REGINA: They didn't remember
that he had ever died?
>>LARSON: No.
>>REGINA: They're
just, there's Ashes.
He's just looking
a little raggedy?
>>LARSON: Right,
so here again, I'm
feeling like I'm kind of on
the outskirts of reality,
experiencing something that
other people don't think
is so unusual.
But I know, for
sure, Ashes had died.
>>REGINA: There are so
many of these things,
and I love these stories.
And I think, I want people
to hear your stories
so that, A, people don't think
they're crazy if this happens
to them, and also to
see what's possible
and what's actually
playing out on our planet
right now among some
people or even many people.
And then, we're going to get
to the nuts and bolts of it.
Another one, a program
that you had gone to see,
there was someone
that was supposed
to speak as I recall at
a conference you went to.
And you went because you wanted
to see this person speak,
you were so excited.
And you got there, and they
weren't even on the menu.
>>LARSON: Right.
Well, they were, but
then they weren't.
It was even weirder than that.
Yes, so we were staying
just outside of London,
this cute little hotel, and so
I'm looking at the program--
>>REGINA: All excited.
>>LARSON: Yes.
And then here's
someone mentioned
from the company, Ove Arup--
O-V-E-A-R-U-P. It's a beautiful
architectural and engineering
design company.
I thought, wow, they're here?
This is really cool.
But then at the break,
I just checked--
you know when you check to
see, what time will he be on?
And he was gone, not
just from my program,
but then, because
it was the break,
I could surreptitiously
go around, like,
did this just happen
to my program?
It was kind of a
crazy thing, but I
thought, let me check her
program and his program,
and he was gone from all the
programs across the board.
And I asked my husband, did you
see this person on the program?
And he did.
>>REGINA: Oh, thank god.
Because otherwise,
by this point,
you might start
thinking, am I nuts?
>>LARSON: Right.
It helps to have someone else
agree, I remember that also.
>>REGINA: A lot of
times when you didn't
have that agreement or other
witnesses, did you think,
maybe it's just me?
>>LARSON: No, I still felt
like it's not just me.
I know what I saw.
I trusted myself.
I think, again, it helps to
have remembered from childhood
that I am pure consciousness.
>>REGINA: Yes, absolutely.
>>LARSON: And I'm a
little bit different.
>>REGINA: Yeah, so OK.
Yes, now another thing
that's very interesting
is you were
witnessed by locating
on a couple of occasions.
>>LARSON: Those are cool.
>>REGINA: Yeah, let's
talk about that.
>>LARSON: OK, so on
one occasion, I was--
just, on a cold morning, I
needed to wake my daughters up.
At that point, I
was divorced, so I
was just in charge of waking
up my girls every morning.
And there was a
huge, heavy window
screen, window shade that was
too heavy for them to move.
So the normal procedure
is-- and I'm daydreaming it.
I wake up, but I'm thinking, I
don't want to get out of bed.
It's too cold.
I'll just stay here a moment.
But then, there's
part of me that's
rehearsing, like,
I'm just pretending
like I'm going to get out
of bed, walk down the hall.
>>REGINA: Thinking about
what you're going to do next.
>>LARSON: I'm thinking about.
I'm flipping on the light.
Good morning, girls.
I pull open the window shade.
Time to get up, rise
and shine or whatever.
And so I'm just
thinking all that.
And then I hear sort of
voices down the hall,
and then a little pitter patter
of my girls running to my room,
like, Mommy, they're
calling my name.
Where are you?
Mom?
Like, I'm in here.
You guys are up?
They said, yes, what are
you doing back in bed?
And I said, what do
you mean back in bed?
Like, you saw me already?
They said, yes, you were up.
And I walked to their room,
and I saw the light was on.
Someone had opened
their window shade.
It wasn't them.
No one else was in the house.
>>REGINA: Then someone else
saw you walking down the street
when you were somewhere else?
>>LARSON: Yes, I
was at a book event.
And it was a
beautiful day, and so
I'm kind of looking out
the window thinking,
I wish I was out there.
I've been here for hours.
I want to be outside.
>>REGINA: So for you, you
just think it and part of you
manifests there?
>>LARSON: Right.
So for me, daydreaming
could very well
mean that I'm bi-locating.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>LARSON: Some people
have teleported
with this same kind of thing,
where you need it that much,
so you're inside one minute, and
then literally somewhere else.
I haven't done that
yet, but who knows.
It's just the next
step from bilocation.
>>REGINA: Right.
I mean, most people are
stop-- probably pausing,
let me think about
this for a second,
but we're going to continue on.
OK, so this goes on and on,
where you walk past the place
where you've known it for
years and years to be this way,
and then you walk past it, and
it's structured differently,
and there's a big thing, like,
in this one case in Berkeley
Marina, big sundial there.
It's like, where'd
that come from?
And everyone says, well,
that's always been here.
>>LARSON: Right.
I was walking with my two
friends who also thought
it was unusual because
all three of us
remembered we had
previously walked right
through the courtyard.
And in fact, we had
an unobstructed view
previously of another
sculpture that was there.
And now, here it is, this
huge 20-foot tall concrete
sculpture--
>>REGINA: That doesn't
just come in overnight.
>>LARSON: No, it said it'd been
there since 1970-something.
The harbor master, I
found the harbor master,
and he said it's
been there for years.
It's this gift from a
sister city in Japan.
So clearly, things can
change in just a moment.
It looked like they've
been there for decades.
>>REGINA: And it starts
getting really disconcerting.
Like, what is reality?
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: I mean, you flow
with it because you know
these things are malleable.
Most people start
thinking they're insane
or that something's wrong.
You know, this is
very disconcerting for
the vast majority of humanity.
So now, we go into the whole
notion of Nelson Mandela
and his death.
That's really where this
whole thing got its name.
It started out on
the Art Bell show.
Just explain it so we have
an identity of why it's
called "the Mandela 'effect."
>>LARSON: OK, well, clearly,
Nelson Mandela has died now.
Everybody knows that.
But there was a time
period, I think currently--
>>REGINA: Or is he?
[LAUGHS]
>>LARSON: I know.
That's a good question.
Well, I think,
currently, is dead.
He died in, I think, 2013.
And the surprising thing
for a lot of people
is after he passed
away, people remembered,
I thought he died
way before this,
like back in the '80s
when he was still
in jail on Robin's Island.
This became a
topic that Art Bell
was getting flooded with calls,
faxes, telegrams, everything.
So he mentioned it in April,
2001, on his radio show.
And then it took a
while for these things
to kind of bubble up
through consciousness,
but I think Fiona Broome
then kind of captured
the zeitgeist of the
times, right by about 2010,
and then said, this
is a Mandela effect
because there are enough
of us that remember
that there was a different--
>>REGINA: That he had
died while in prison.
>>LARSON: That he did
die while in prison.
And in 2010, he was still alive.
So at that point, it
was like, he's alive.
He's not dead.
And that creates the idea that
there are alternate realities.
Lots of people
can remember them,
and it can be a shared community
experience, where we all
collectively, in
large groups, remember
a completely different
series of events.
>>REGINA: OK, now, we
talked a little bit
in the past about
this and showed
some of the imagery, of some
of the kind of common ones
from our childhood, for example,
the Berenstain Bears, Gif
versus Jiffy peanut butter,
and some of the others.
And when I was watching
your presentation,
you were talking about some of
those and added a few new ones.
And one of them popped in, and
I thought, oh, no, come on.
Because I thought, I could check
this out on the web, right?
And you said that the
name of Oscar Wilde's
book, "A Portrait of Dorian
Gray" had been changed.
>>LARSON: Yes.
That's one for those of
us that like literature
because we do remember The
Portrait of Dorian Gray.
And now, it's only
ever always been
"A Picture of Dorian Gray."
>>REGINA: Right,
and I thought, well,
surely, we could look into
this and see where it changed
and what happened.
And so I just thought,
no, I'm just--
because I'd looked
at the others,
and I remembered virtually
all of the other examples
you had used the way
you remembered them
and the way the vast majority
of people remembered them.
And so I thought, this is odd.
No, that can't be.
And so I just picked this one
up and thought I'd run with it.
So I went online.
And an interesting
thing occurred.
I wrote, Portrait of Dorian
Gray in the search bar.
And a page popped
up with one listing
after another, one
link after another
under "The Portrait
of Dorian Gray."
And I thought, see,
it's right there.
And I thought, I wonder
what she was talking about.
It's right there.
And I clicked on one of
them, went to a page,
and then it popped up, "A
Picture of Dorian Gray."
I thought.
OK, now this is what
Cynthia was talking about,
but let me go back to
that previous page.
Hit the back button, all
those had shifted over
to "A Picture."
I couldn't force with
the search term--
I could not force it
back up to ever get
a page with all those "Portrait
of Dorian Gray" links.
>>LARSON: Right.
Right.
This is one of the most
convincing experiences.
It's called, in the
vernacular, a flip-flop.
So it's like, you see one thing,
and then it changes to another.
And you know you can trust
yourself that you saw that.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
>>LARSON: You know for sure.
Even though there's no proof,
you can't convince somebody--
>>REGINA: No, I saw it there.
That's why I clicked on it.
>>LARSON: But you saw it.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
And I thought, see, there
are a whole bunch of them.
Well, ultimately, I
just kept poking around.
And finally, I said
to Zeus, check it out.
He's a good researcher.
He said, well, there's
some mention of it
in a French edition of
something from back when.
And the only thing I did find by
way of reference was on Amazon.
>>LARSON: I think there's one
book that someone has come out
with-- because so many of
us remember "The Portrait."
>>REGINA: And it's
called that, and I
didn't see the
shadowed small writing
across the top of the book.
It just had, the portrait,
literally, of Dorian Gray,
and the words "Dorian
Gray," and so I
thought it said, a
portrait of Dorian Gray.
And in fact, I ordered the
book, and then I looked closer
because it was so shadowy.
It was, too, "A Picture
of Dorian Gray."
Every single thing he found,
like what you're talking about,
1945 editions, the name is
now "Picture of Dorian Gray."
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: And so
I thought, God, I
try to get behind the nature
of things and how it works.
And that's kind of what I
want to talk to you about.
What is happening, in a very
mechanical way, so to speak?
>>LARSON: OK well
first of all, we're
going to get into consciousness
in quantum physics.
That's where the only
explanations lie.
And it's not a cheat to go
there because, actually, we've
known--
>>REGINA: That's where
it's playing out.
>>LARSON: That is
where it's playing out.
And even Max Born
said that there's
no way that we can
consider even the material,
solid things like this
table as being anything
other than probability
waves because all of matter
is energy.
So where this is playing
out, as I see it,
is reflective cognition,
which is an idea of the way
that we pay attention.
The way that we pay
attention and the levels
that we pay attention
are everything.
And if you look at the work of
a philosopher named Gottfried
Wilhelm Leibniz, a
tongue twister, but let's
just call him Leibniz.
He actually said that there are
different levels of awareness.
There's the first
level of awareness,
and then there's
a, what you call,
a reflective level, where
you're aware of being aware.
That's really what we
call consciousness.
And when you tap
into that, that's
where you can start witnessing
these kinds of reality
shifts, whether it's starting
a car where the starter doesn't
work or any of these examples
that we've talked about.
>>REGINA: Well, you said
this, that we are not
a single operator.
We think we have one mind,
we remember from one place,
but what you say is very
true because you bring
in the notion, we
are a combination,
a complex of conscious
mind, subconscious mind,
super-conscious mind, soul--
all these dimensions of mind
are operating in
a single moment,
but we're only aware,
usually, of one of those.
>>LARSON: Right.
And so this is where the
awareness, how you are paying
attention makes the difference.
When you remember,
oh, I am all of this--
so it's just the difference
between thinking,
like a little child might
be saying, I want a cookie.
I want an ice cream.
But then when you tap into
the fullness of your being,
you're in a different place,
state of mind entirely.
>>REGINA: Yes, so let's
go back to Dorian Gray.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: How does that
collective memory--
you have a collective memory,
and now a changed material
reality.
What happened?
What happens there?
>>LARSON: OK, well,
what I look at, again,
I go back, of course, to quantum
physics because, there, you
can see the way
things are working,
not just on the quantum
scale but on all scales.
So quantum physics
is the universal set.
This is our true reality.
And within the realm
of quantum physics,
we know we are
entangled with others,
like that web of
consciousness isn't tangled.
So all of those of us who
are sharing intentions,
maybe to see how good it
can get to desire to see
an improvement of consciousness
on the planet, we're connected.
We're very much connected.
And those of us who
have those intentions
are definitely, at this
time, observing huge changes
in physical reality.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
I guess the question
would be, there
had to be a mind somewhere,
an intention, or a consensus
that, for some reason, "A
Portrait of Dorian Gray"
was maybe outmoded,
outdated, that maybe the word
"picture" would serve better?
You see what I'm saying?
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: Where in there did
something spin into motion
or was something
placed into motion
that then could go and change
our quantum physical reality?
>>LARSON: Exactly.
Well, this is a question that
came up at our Mandela Effect
Conference that happened.
The first one was in
Idaho, and we had talks--
many of the speakers
talked about, how can
you can look deeper to find
the message in such a shift.
So then, you could
ask the question,
what is it about the
change, like you suggested,
from "A Portrait"
to "A Picture."
And I think you're right.
There is much more awareness
now of what a picture
is because we have cameras.
We work with pictures.
We don't typically get a
portrait done of someone.
>>REGINA: Right.
Portraits are of the past.
>>LARSON: Some people
still paint them.
>>REGINA: But for
the most part, that's
a thing of the past, where
pics, pic, pix, pics,
all of that, everyone
knows what a picture is.
So somehow in the zeitgeist
of our modern consciousness,
we relate to the word
"picture," and so are kind
of relational mind impressed in
your physical reality on that.
>>LARSON: Right, so you could
consider it closer to truth,
and that's what a lot of
these Mandela effects--
if you look deep enough, you
can start seeing, oh, that
is closer to truth.
That is a revelation of truth.
>>REGINA: And so that's the part
that I think always kind of got
me is, what would drive that?
There has to be an intention?
And there has to
be a thought form
to allow anything to
magnetized toward it
to shift physical reality.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: OK, so
what, to you, are
some of the more kind
of fascinating examples
when you're looking at this
collective resonance that's
changing physical reality?
>>LARSON: There's
so many good ones.
>>REGINA: Yeah, share.
No, it's fascinating because
you explained it very simply
and very eloquently.
And now, we can start
inserting herself
into understanding
where we are, how we're
participating in this, too.
>>LARSON: We're
absolutely participating.
Because right now, we're just
disconcerted and you're like,
what happened?
What just happened to me?
It's like, we don't know
we're steering this thing.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>LARSON: Like, who did that?
And a lot of finger
pointing goes on.
>>REGINA: And then you
get into conspiracy theory
and everything else.
>>LARSON: And we don't
need to go there.
Because clearly,
we are doing this.
And that's why
it's starting with
these little gentle shifts.
So at the conference,
we had an artist
who brought a series of images.
And she had one--
they would be from
different examples.
Like, there was the
movie, Field of Dreams,
and you remember the
line in that movie,
"If you will build it--
>>REGINA: Build
it, they will come.
>>LARSON: "--they will come."
And now, it's never been that.
It's just, "If you
build it, he will come."
>>REGINA: No, it was they will--
I remember it as,
they will come.
>>LARSON: I know.
I remember that, too.
>>REGINA: Who's he?
>>LARSON: Well,
that's the question.
What does that mean?
And how is that a deeper truth?
>>REGINA: Right.
Than they.
Right, exactly.
So yeah, that's interesting.
>>LARSON: But then, you can
take it to a spiritual level.
You can feel like, well, there's
a oneness coming together.
It's more of a we.
There's more of that
cosmic consciousness.
If you believe in
Christ, you could say,
the Christ consciousness,
so whichever approach
is meaningful for you,
but you could find that.
And I think that's really cool.
And then she had a fun one
with the Jiffy peanut butter
>>REGINA: Yeah.
That one, I was debating
someone over that one.
[LAUGHS]
>>LARSON: Really?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>LARSON: Because now,
it's only been Jif.
>>REGINA: Yeah, no, it
was Jiffy peanut butter.
>>LARSON: I remember that, too.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>LARSON: But you can ask
how is Jif closer to truth?
Like, how is that
closer to truth?
>>REGINA: OK so that should
be our first question.
>>LARSON: Yeah, it's a way
to look for the goodness--
the soul, the spirit
of, what is this?
And how is it closer to a
revelation of a deeper truth?
>>REGINA: Back in a
jiff, applies quickly.
>>LARSON: Yes, jiff is fast.
>>REGINA: Quickly, jiff is fast.
It's a fast a little treat.
OK, ok jiff.
So what, for you personally in
your life of all these things
happening and that
you've witnessed,
not just these ones that we know
of that we can see graphically,
have been some of the most
profound, in terms of getting
to that big question?
>>LARSON: Oh, boy, well, it's
hard to just pick one or two.
I've had so many.
>>REGINA: Just pick whichever
ones fly into your mind
right now.
>>LARSON: Well, last night--
just the last 24 hours.
I met a friend because
I don't see her often,
but I'm in Boulder.
And we were talking
about heaven on Earth.
And I said, well-- it was
such a great conversation.
So I thought, let's
take a picture together.
I moved my chair.
And then, suddenly, out of
nowhere, a rose appeared--
a little beautiful, real
rose-- not plastic, real,
with a gentle
fragrance, and it's just
this beautiful, coral pink.
It's so cute.
I said, where did
this come from?
But we'd been talking
about heaven on Earth.
>>REGINA: So this very refined.
The rose is very refined.
Its scent is among the most
refined in our physical domain.
So the beauty of heaven
showed itself as a rose.
How beautiful.
>>LARSON: So that just happened.
But for me, it's like every day.
I think the everyday
ones matter,
and that's like
something out of nowhere.
But people get these.
And often, they'll dismiss it.
They'll say, well, that couldn't
have been a rose from nowhere
and start doubting yourself.
But I think these things
do happen to everyone.
>>REGINA: Well, and also,
different outcomes, there
was one point in there,
it reminded me-- people
being teleported to safety.
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK, so I remember--
well, I kind of
don't remember, I
was drowning in the
Truckee River, right?
I knew I was drowning.
I was trapped under
mossy log, and I
couldn't get any
traction, and I could see,
looked like the water,
the surface was only
a foot or a foot and a half
above me, but I was trapped
and couldn't move
under this log.
>>LARSON: That's terrifying.
>>REGINA: And I thought, to
die when there's the daylight,
there's the air.
And I just thought,
what a shame?
And then everything blacked out.
And then, I don't
know what happened.
You could say because
I blacked out,
my body went limp or something.
But the point is I was way
down when I came back to,
way down river.
And I thought, where am I?
What happened.
I should have drowned.
I've been under water
this whole time.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: And I popped up
and my partner at the time
was freaked out, had run
down the river, was looking
for my body and everything.
>>LARSON: Oh, my gosh.
>>REGINA: But I've
often wondered,
what actually happened there?
And other people have
had these experience.
>>LARSON: Absolutely.
And a lot of people, I think one
of the most secret confessions
that people often make to
me after I've given a talk,
and I've discussed
how sometimes people
will be facing an
oncoming vehicle,
there's no way out of it.
>>REGINA: No way out.
>>LARSON: No way out.
It's an 18 Wheeler, narrow
road, nowhere to go.
And then, there's
sort of a blip.
And then the next thing,
they've gone through each other.
They're on the other
side of each other.
The truck is behind.
>>REGINA: In the
movies, it almost looks
like kind of a worm
hole or something.
Yeah.
>>LARSON: Yeah, but
this actually happened.
I've given a talk to
maybe 80 or 100 people,
and then 10% of them will
come to me afterwards
and privately confess,
this has happened to me.
I don't want to tell people.
I've asked, do you
ever tell people?
And they say, no, people
would think I'm crazy.
They would say, this isn't real.
But if you look at
quantum physics,
we can see quantum
tunneling and quantum
teleportation are very real.
And increasingly, we're moving
bigger and bigger objects
through because people are
seeking quantum computing
and the technology of it.
So we're proving that a lot
of this larger-scale activity
can occur.
It's no longer, like,
garbage, or silly, or woo-woo.
>>REGINA: Right.
OK, well, I mean,
there's several questions
I can ask from there,
but one of them
is, as we're moving
toward what are considered
artificial means of
intelligence, AI,
and we have all this power
and magnetism collectively
and individually to our
own self-generated desires,
and love, and thoughts,
how, in your mind,
does that spill over into or
affect the development of AI?
>>LARSON: This is such
an exciting time for AI
because they have--
they are reaching that point.
They've gone through several
levels of development.
And we're seeing some of it.
We're seeing facial recognition,
and pattern recognition,
and, now, deep learning.
So we've we're going into phase
3 of artificial intelligence.
In 2015, some robots passed
the self-awareness test.
They can actually tell--
they're doing that
reflective cognition trick
of knowing that they're
aware of awareness.
So I think the best way
forward is to be aware
that we can partner with this.
We can keep envisioning
a positive future that's
the key is, keep
open minded and keep
asking, how good can
this get and really
stay focused on that.
Because humans, otherwise--
>>REGINA: Because
otherwise, it's scary.
Because people feel
that we're going
to be somehow replaced and
merged with silicone and that's
it.
>>LARSON: That's not necessary.
I don't see that as
what I would like to do.
>>REGINA: No, I don't see that
as what I'd like to do, either,
but some--
I think people, and
even can certain groups
of conspiracy theory are
aligning around this notion
that it's going to
take over humanity,
and we will exist no more.
I don't see that.
There are some
fundamental differences,
just when you start looking at
the notion of soul embodying
flesh.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: Now what is that?
That's a whole
different opportunity.
>>LARSON: It is a
And I think we could
go to dark places.
I think, personally,
I feel like I've
checked out what that future
could look like if AI ran
the world, and that's not good.
I would say, let's not go there.
>>REGINA: Let's not give
that any of our-- put
more thought forms
and emotion into it.
>>LARSON: You can say no to it.
We can all collectively
say no to that,
but yes to a
partnership with AI.
>>REGINA: With what
it can do right
in service of our own
growth, and advancement,
and developments.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>REGINA: Yes.
And so that's really
the thought form, to me,
it seems is most important.
It is being developed.
How can we do it with ethics,
with integrity, and so
that it serves organic life?
>>LARSON: Yes.
All of us.
So it serves the best
for all concerned.
>>REGINA: For all concerned.
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>LARSON: Those
are good questions,
and that creates a
guiding opportunity
because the questions create
the reality that we experience.
>>REGINA: I mean, if
we are collectively
creating these shifts
in parallel realities
as these parallel realities
are creating shifts
in our own perception, and
timelines, and so forth,
and if artificial intelligence
is developing self-awareness,
at what point does that
original thought come in?
And does the creation
process start?
>>LARSON: Those
are good questions.
And, again, I can't really say.
I think even the researchers,
I've talked to some of them.
They don't know.
So we're in a very strange
new world right now.
>>REGINA: We are.
So we're just putting
that out there,
that put that love around it,
put that desire for ethics,
so we can work in partnership
around it, instead of just
saying, no, you can't advance
us on this scientific level
because, technologically,
it is moving on.
>>LARSON: It's like
cell phones are here.
>>REGINA: Cell phones
are here, yeah, exactly.
For good or for bad, right?
>>LARSON: Ideally,
we would use them,
and we wouldn't let
them run our lives.
>>REGINA: Exactly, exactly.
So now, let's go back
again to your thoughts
on the most incredibly
juicy, interesting frontier
of the notion of these
parallel realities.
>>LARSON: Well, I think
the big news in 2019
had to do with
recognizing that we
don't have objective reality.
There isn't just one--
>>REGINA: No such thing.
>>LARSON: There's no such thing.
This is a big idea.
>>REGINA: This is very big.
And this is from the
world of science.
>>LARSON: It is.
There is no objective reality.
>>REGINA: It's like, [GNAWING].
And then we're still trying
to win arguments and debates
with each other
over what happened.
And now, it's being validated,
there's no objective reality.
>>LARSON: That's right.
It could be scary for people.
>>REGINA: Could be freeing.
>>LARSON: It could
be very freeing, yes.
And so the idea
came from the work
at the University of
Heriot-Watt in Edinburgh
and also University
of Vienna Austria.
And what they did is
they did a version
of the double-slit
experiment, which
I think people have seen that.
>>REGINA: [? Strategy, ?] yeah.
>>LARSON: Yeah, and then
it was two observers
at that same place, same time,
trusted observational devices
that came up with two very
different observations
of the experiment at that
same place and same time.
So there we go.
That's--
>>REGINA: Proof.
>>LARSON: That's the proof
that we're talking about
that we are not living
in objective reality,
where there's only
one thing happening.
Now this whole conversation has
been about that, so we already
know that, you and I.
And now, we're saying,
this is now becoming
scientific fact.
>>REGINA: So then
it gets back to,
what is our love, our joy, our
passion, and our preference?
If we're not living in
an objective reality,
then how good can it get?
And that's what you
always say, which I love.
I love that about you,
how good can it get?
And that should be our question.
Because we're not a
slave to anyone else's
perception of anything.
Even though we may have a shared
common experience here today,
for all we know, by the
time this is edited,
it won't be this at all.
We just don't know, right?
>>LARSON: [LAUGHS] Right.
>>REGINA: The best
a human being can do
is to intend for the
very highest outcome
and fuse it with love.
>>LARSON: With integrity, with
that ethics and integrity.
And those words
are not used much.
They used to be.
>>REGINA: Oh, my god.
Thank you.
Because that's really where
I'm at on all of this, is,
people are so confused.
How do we know what's true?
Because right now, our
country is in tatters,
and people are fighting
with each other,
and everyone's saying, yeah, but
I just don't know what's true.
I don't know who to believe.
This is a really big
moment in history.
I don't know what to believe.
Because there is
misinformation, intentional
disinformation as
well that we're all
trying to contend with and
being bombarded with data.
>>LARSON: And literal
different subjective realities.
>>REGINA: And different
subjective realities.
>>LARSON: Which is a fact.
>>REGINA: So in a
situation like this,
my feeling is, you've
got to find your way back
to your heart and your
own system of ethics.
And that has a kind of morality,
not a preachy morality,
but it has to do
with what's generated
from the heart in terms of what
truly is beneficial versus not.
>>LARSON: And I think we
know that on a deep level.
We know that, to live a good
life, you can trust your heart.
You can trust just doing
things that are good,
right where you are, in
your home, with your family,
caring for others
that are close to you,
and just being a good person.
And people, I think, sometimes
if you look at the news,
you might feel like, what
difference does it make?
How can that change the world?
Absolutely, it can, and it does.
>>REGINA: Absolutely,
I agree with you 100%.
And while all the
craziness is going on,
I just keep saying
to people that--
I talk to people on all
sides of all these issues.
And I say, yeah, but if
you just go back to--
look at life through
the lens of what
feels like it's right
to you, what's good,
goodness, does this measure up?
If it doesn't measure
up, there's your answer.
And I know you're hearing all
different stories about it,
but if-- unfeeling
levels measuring up,
that's your starting
place to find truth again.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: It starts here.
>>LARSON: And if it
doesn't feel right,
remember that you
can change the way
that you're paying attention.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>LARSON: You can just
take a deep breath--
something I'll do is just
feel like, OK, these are
probable realities around me.
I'm just going to
kind of role it a bit,
like you're scrolling through
your cell phone, just kind of,
I'm going to scroll
through this.
Oh, there we go.
This feels much better.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I
mean, and people
could say, wow, what an
interesting person Cynthia is,
and you are.
But also, you
practice what you know
to be true because you
came in still integrated,
where most of us
were disintegrated.
>>LARSON: And then, I got
inculturated or whatever
with our society.
>>REGINA: Right, but
you didn't forget.
So you actually know how
these basic mechanics
work from those higher
extraordinary levels.
You actually know
of what you speak.
>>LARSON: But this is
something we can all do.
When you walk down
the hall and you're
trying to find something,
and it's almost
like you went through a vortex
or a portal, and you're like,
what happened?
And then you come back,
like, what was I looking for?
Well, you can use that.
You can use this experience
of going down the hall.
Like, if you don't know what I
mean about scrolling through,
that's OK.
We all know what it feels
like when you go down the hall
to get something,
and you can't quite
remember what you were doing.
Play with that,
because that's perfect.
Just imagine, like,
whatever the situation is
you want to change, I'm going
to walk down the hall with it,
and I'm going to come
back, and it's going
to be a different reality.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and
oftentimes it is.
And oftentimes, the information
blips right back in anyway.
>>LARSON: That's right.
>>REGINA: It changes.
>>REGINA: So I mean, to me, the
beauty of conversing with you
over this is not just--
I mean, I wanted you to
get to the mechanics of it,
and that's really good.
I'm glad we did that.
But our participation
and responsibility
within it, everything
we're seeing around us,
whether it's by default
or not or whether it's
by old programming
and old beliefs,
we're just seeing extensions and
fragments of our own thoughts
out there, playing out
and reflected back to us.
>>LARSON: That's right.
And it's hard to
see it sometimes
because it's easy to fall
back into, they did this to me
or, they did this to us.
It starts from
inside, you're right.
>>REGINA: And to keep
that love, and enthusiasm,
and that choice, that
choice toward a higher,
and the highest, and the
best outcome for all.
Because some people
would say, oh,
she's a dreamer, or an idealist,
and all these different things
in a harsh, cold world that
we're in today, where you gotta
be pragmatic, and you have to
do your deals with the devil
sometimes.
I say not.
You do not have to do
your deals with the devil.
>>LARSON: Thank you.
I love that about you.
>>REGINA: Well, I
love that about you.
[LAUGHTER]
I think that's why
we get on well.
But we do not have to
do deals with the devil.
>>LARSON: No, you don't.
You don't.
You absolutely do not.
I think that's the key, when
you recognize, you can do
your own thing, like you did.
And you write about it
in your wonderful book.
I love that.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: Thank you.
>>LARSON: Thank
goodness for that.
>>REGINA: Most people don't know
I even wrote one, but it is.
It's just my experience--
>>LARSON: Ah, it's awesome.
>>REGINA: --of what it's like
to go through and pick up
on the opportunities
life presents.
Even if they're
awkward in the moment,
even if they're
uncomfortable, if you just
say yes to that voice,
that goodness in yourself,
amazing things happen.
And that's why I wrote the
book was just for fun, really.
[LAUGHTER]
>>LARSON: But it's a
perfect example of,
you can walk away from things if
they feel like that's not right
and you can feel that something
better is coming, even if you
don't know what it is.
That's often true.
Like, when you ask that
question, how good can it get,
I find that I'll get things
I needed that I didn't even
know I needed.
>>REGINA: Didn't know.
That's the thing,
listening to that part,
listening to this
multidimensional voice
inside us, there's nothing
wrong with a conscious mind
to keep us from running out
in front of a car, you know?
We need every part of our
mind to work together,
but we can't have the more
fundamental dense part running
the whole show.
>>LARSON: There is a
greater consciousness,
and we all have access to it.
>>REGINA: We do indeed.
It's been absolutely
wonderful sitting with you.
I just love being
in your presence.
There's so much light there.
And thank you for sharing
this from a higher
perspective of someone
who didn't forget,
who never disintegrated.
>>LARSON: Thank you so much.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: You can find
Cynthia's work, "Reality Shifts"
on Amazon and other
booksellers and keep an eye out
for the "Mandela Effect
Society" in the future.
Until next time, thank you
so much for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[OUTRO INSTRUMENTAL]